TermInterface Version 2 (#609)
JuliaSymbolics/SymbolicUtils.jl: docs/src/manual/interface.md

## SymbolicUtils.jl only methods

### `symtype(x)`

> Returns the symbolic type of `x`. By default this is just `typeof(x)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the 
[numeric type](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Standard-Numeric-Types) 
of `x`. By default this is just `typeof(x)`.
```

How about numeric type? Symbolic type is a bit unclear.

> Returns the symbolic type of `x`. By default this is just `typeof(x)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the 
[numeric type](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/base/numbers/#Standard-Numeric-Types) 
of `x`. By default this is just `typeof(x)`.
```

How about numeric type? Symbolic type is a bit unclear.

Author: Question is, do we really need this default?

Reviewer: I think so. While Symbolics.jl primarily focuses on [`BasicSymbolic`](https://github.com/JuliaSymbolics/SymbolicUtils.jl/blob/43797eb43b33b8d6b0374eac8cd6f87f94bcf79d/src/types.jl#L26) objects, there are instances where it can be used with other types. 
For example, https://github.com/JuliaSymbolics/Symbolics.jl/issues/1157#issue-2334289624

> Define this for your symbolic types if you want `SymbolicUtils.simplify` to apply rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define this for your symbolic types if you want [`SymbolicUtils.simplify`](@ref) to apply rules
```

Add a link to this function.

specific to numbers (such as commutativity of multiplication). Or such
rules that may be implemented in the future.

### `issym(x)`

> Returns `true` if `x` is a symbol. If true, `nameof` must be defined
> on `x` and must return a Symbol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `true` if `x` is a `Sym`. If `true`, `nameof` must be defined
on `x` and must return a `Symbol`.
```

"symbol" might be misunderstood with Julia [Symbols](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/metaprogramming/#Symbols).
